# CAA Scripting Languages Hackathon II - Unconference!

Scientific scripting languages are a very powerful tool for scientists
to translate research questions and quantitative analysis into a
machine-readable, executable and thus reproducible form. In order to
promote and support their dissemination to the archaeological community,
we have de facto established the Special Interest Group for Scientific
Scripting Languages in Archaeology at CAA2019 in Krakow. To celebrate
the de jure affiliation of this SIG to the CAA organization in 2020,
this session will provide an open hackerspace for users of scripting
languages.

The general session layout will follow the style of an Unconference. We
will not define a session topic nor require standardised presentations.
Instead all participants will collectively identify one or multiple
worthwhile ToDos for the time together. That might be a missing research
software package for a scripting language like R or Python, a useful
webapp, that would immediately simplify the life of archaeologists, or a
Best Practice Guide for a typical task in archeological data analysis.

After this phase of topic identification, we form groups in which the
identified tasks are discussed and worked on. It is unlikely that it
will be possible to complete the project during this session, but the
work can continue afterwards, as all results in data, code and text will
be openly accessible online.

We invite users of all kinds of scripting languages (R, Python,
Javascript, Bash, SQL, ...) in archaeology to join us on this endeavour.
The participants will have the chance to pitch interesting project
ideas, work together, learn from each other and form lasting connections
beyond the typical barriers of academic hierarchies. Ideally we also
start to close one or multiple gaps in the archaeological research
software landscape during this session.

We highly value an open and welcoming environment for this event and
explicitly adopt the Code of Conduct established by the rOpenSci
community for their Unconference meetings:
https://unconf18.ropensci.org/coc.html

This session is organized by the SIG SSLA (sslarch.github.io) and the
working group ISAAK (isaakiel.de)
